One of the most useful and promising features of AI models is that they can improve over time. We continuously improve our models through research breakthroughs as well as exposure to real-world problems and data. When you share your content with us, it helps our models become more accurate and better at solving your specific problems and it also helps improve their general capabilities and safety. ChatGPT, for instance, improves by further training on the conversations people have with it, unless you opt out⁠(opens in a new window).

Services for individuals, such as ChatGPT, Sora, and Operator
When you use our services for individuals such as ChatGPT, Sora, or Operator, we may use your content to train our models.

You can opt out of training through our privacy portal⁠(opens in a new window) by clicking on “do not train on my content.” To turn off training for your ChatGPT and Operator conversations, follow the instructions in our Data Controls FAQ⁠(opens in a new window). Once you opt out, new conversations will not be used to train our models.

When you use ChatGPT, you can also use Temporary Chat from the dropdown. Chats from Temporary Chat won't appear in history, use or create memories, or be used to train our models.

Sora has separate controls, and you can similarly turn off training in the Sora Settings ⁠(opens in a new window)menu. Additionally, if you opt out of training through our privacy porta⁠(opens in a new window)l, this will apply to Sora too. (Note that adjusting your settings in the ChatGPT interface will not affect your Sora settings, however.)

Services for businesses, such as ChatGPT Team, ChatGPT Enterprise, and our API Platform
By default, we do not train on any inputs or outputs from our products for business users, including ChatGPT Team, ChatGPT Enterprise, and the API. We offer API customers a way to opt-in to share data with us, such as by providing feedback in the Playground⁠(opens in a new window), which we then use to improve our models. Unless they explicitly opt-in, organizations are opted out of data-sharing by default.

Please see our Enterprise Privacy page for information on how we handle business data.

What the process looks like
We retain certain data from your interactions with us, but we take steps to reduce the amount of personal information in our training datasets before they are used to improve and train our models. This data helps us better understand user needs and preferences, allowing our model to become more efficient over time.

For more on how we handle data, please see our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, and Enterprise Privacy page.