EU-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK POLICY

Scope

This EU-US Data Privacy Framework Policy (the "Policy") sets forth the privacy principles that ElevenLabs Ltd., and its subsidiaries  (collectively, “ElevenLabs”) follow with respect to Personal Data received from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland and the United Kingdom (“UK”).

ElevenLabs has certified that it adheres to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, “the DPF”) and the Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability, as set forth by the US Department of Commerce. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/.

This Policy applies to the processing of Personal Data that ElevenLabs receives in the United States concerning individuals who reside in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK. This Policy does not cover data from which individual persons cannot be identified.

ElevenLabs employees who handle Personal Data from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK are required to comply with the principles stated in this Policy.

Information Collected

ElevenLabs may collect Personal Data about its customers (in some instances, including their personnel), as well as ElevenLabs suppliers, contractors and their personnel; and ElevenLabs’ current, prospective and former employees. Information collected may include contact and other non-sensitive personal data.  Sensitive information may be collected in certain instances (specifically voice data which may comprise biometric data under applicable data protection laws,) with the consent of the individual or where required by applicable law.  A full list of personal data that may be processed can be found in our online Privacy Policy.

ElevenLabs may collect personal data as a data processor about end-users of ElevenLabs products (i.e., employees of ElevenLabs customers).  Such personal data may include information collected by the data controller and processed in accordance with the controller’s instructions.

Purposes of Processing

ElevenLabs processes Personal Data to facilitate the development and commercial use of its products and for its business purposes. Personal Data may be processed for purposes of business development, marketing and sales, human resources management, and other ElevenLabs business activities.  These activities may include, but are not limited to:

·       Providing our services

·       Communicating with you

·       Billing and accounting

·       Preventing fraud

·       Providing technical support

·       Understanding product and services usage

·       Research and development of AI models

A complete list of purposes of processing can be found in our online Privacy Policy.

ElevenLabs transfers personal data to third-party processors providing a variety of services, including, but not limited to, verification/background checks, content moderation, data analysis or enrichment, marketing and advertising, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, and payment processing.

Onward Transfers to Third Parties

ElevenLabs will take measures to obtain assurances (including contractual provisions) from third-party service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf that they will process such information in a manner consistent with ElevenLabs policies and DPF Principles. ElevenLabs remains responsible under the DPF Principles if third-party service providers that ElevenLabs engages to process Personal Data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, except where ElevenLabs is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. ElevenLabs will take measures to only disclose Personal Data that is necessary for the third parties to provide the agreed upon services to ElevenLabs. Where ElevenLabs has knowledge that a third-party business partner is using or disclosing Personal Data in a manner contrary to ElevenLabs’ privacy policies or DPF Principles, ElevenLabs will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure.

ElevenLabs may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

Access

Upon request, and as required by DPF Principles and applicable law, ElevenLabs will provide individuals with reasonable access to Personal Data about them. ElevenLabs will also take reasonable steps to allow individuals to review Personal Data for the purposes of correcting, amending or deleting such information in instances where Personal Data is demonstrated to be incomplete or inaccurate.

Individuals can contact ElevenLabs at legal@elevenlabs.io in order to request access or to make inquiries regarding limiting the use and disclosure of Personal Data about them.

Dispute Resolution

ElevenLabs is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission.

Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal Data should be directed to the ElevenLabs addresses provided below. ElevenLabs will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data by reference to DPF Principles.

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF ElevenLabs commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

Human Resources Data

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, ElevenLabs commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.

An individual may invoke binding arbitration, at his or her own cost, subject to procedures set forth by the DPF.

Commitment to Comply with the DPF

ElevenLabs complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. ElevenLabs has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. ElevenLabs has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/

 

Changes to this Policy

This Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the DPF Principles. ElevenLabs will provide appropriate notice about such amendments.

Contact Information

Eleven Labs Inc.

169 Madison Ave #2484

New York, NY, 10016

United States

e-mail: legal@elevenlabs.io

Updated as of February 5, 2026